30 million
You trash, don't pursue it deliberately
If you can come up with 30 million
We would have kicked you out
Get out of here!
He also asked Lord Lianzhen to send you money.
Do you know who Lord Lian Zhen is?
That's the Heaven Dou Lord
I don't even have the qualifications to see him
What are you?
I'm his boss
Did you not wake up, or did you get water in your head?
You can still die
Do you think you are handsome?
Look at your virtue
You are still Tiandoulong handsome
You are not ashamed
Yes
Only Mr. Zhou is here to help us
Sorry.
The number you are calling is not in service
What's going on here?
old classmate
The Zhou Gongzi you mentioned is not Zhou Heng, right?
He'd already been exiled to Skull Island
Maybe it's been fed to the wolves by now
Oh, do evil, do evil
It's late, our Sun family is late.
Instead of asking for help from that garbage
You might as well give your daughter to my house
Let my brother Wang enjoy it
Maybe I'll ignore your money.
I said the money will be here soon
wash hands
If you can really get Lord Lian Zhen to send 30 million
I, Wang Gang, kneel down for you on the spot today.
Then you can kneel now